Update README (#3641)
medusajs/medusa: README.md

## Getting Started

Visit the [Quickstart Guide](https://docs.medusajs.com/quickstart/quick-start) to set up a server.

Visit the [Docs](https://docs.medusajs.com/tutorial/set-up-your-development-environment) to learn more about our system requirements.

## What is Medusa

> Medusa ships as a set of commerce modules and tools that allows you to build rich, reliable, and performant commerce applications without reinventing core commerce logic. The modules can be customized and used to build advanced ecommerce stores, marketplaces, or any product that needs foundational commerce primitives. All modules are open source and freely available on NPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Medusa is a set of commerce modules and tools that allow you to build rich, reliable, and performant commerce applications without reinventing core commerce logic. The modules can be customized and used to build advanced e-commerce stores, marketplaces, or any product that needs foundational commerce primitives. All modules are open-source and freely available on npm.
```

Learn more about [Medusa’s architecture](https://docs.medusajs.com/introduction#architecture) and [commerce modules](https://docs.medusajs.com/modules/overview) in the Docs.

## Roadmap, Upgrades & Plugins

> You can view the roadmap with features that are planned, started, and completed in the [Roadmap discussion](https://github.com/medusajs/medusa/discussions/categories/roadmap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the planned, started and completed features in the [Roadmap discussion](https://github.com/medusajs/medusa/discussions/categories/roadmap).
```

Follow the [Upgrade Guides](https://docs.medusajs.com/advanced/backend/upgrade-guides/) to keep your Medusa project up-to-date.

> Check out all [our available plugins](https://medusajs.com/plugins/) for your Medusa server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out all [available Medusa plugins](https://medusajs.com/plugins/).
```
